Make `zap` a requirement (#86432)
Homebrew/homebrew-cask: doc/cask_language_reference/stanzas/zap.md

The form of `zap` stanza follows the [`uninstall` stanza](uninstall.md). All of the same directives are available. The `trash:` key is preferred over `delete:`.

Example: [dropbox.rb](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask/blob/31cd96cc0e00dab1bff74d622e32d816bafd1f6f/Casks/dropbox.rb#L17-L35)

## zap Creation

> The simplest method is to use @nrlquaker's [CreateZap Project](https://github.com/nrlquaker/homebrew-createzap), which can automatically generate the stanza. In the few instances, it fails to pick anything up; manual creation may be required. Manual creation can be facilitated with some of the developer tools that are already available in Homebrew Cask, using `sudo find / -iname "*{search item}*"`, or an uninstaller tool (such as [AppCleaner](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask/blob/master/Casks/appcleaner.rb)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The simplest method is to use @nrlquaker's [CreateZap Project](https://github.com/nrlquaker/homebrew-createzap), which can automatically generate the stanza. In a few instances, it fails to pick anything up so manual creation may be required.

Manual creation can be facilitated with:
- some of the developer tools that are already available in Homebrew Cask,
- `sudo find / -iname "*{search item}*"`,
- an uninstaller tool (such as [AppCleaner](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask/blob/master/Casks/appcleaner.rb))
- or visually inspecting the usual suspects, i.e. `/Library/{'Application Support',LaunchAgents,LaunchDaemons,Frameworks,Logs,Preferences,PrivilegedHelperTools}` and `~/Library/{'Application Support',Caches,Containers,LaunchAgents,Logs,Preferences,'Saved Application State'}`.
```

> There are several ways to create a `zap` stanza. The simplest method is to use @nrlquaker's [CreateZap Project](https://github.com/nrlquaker/homebrew-createzap), which can automatically generate the stanza. In the few instances, it fails to pick anything up; manual creation may be required. Manual creation can be facilitated with some of the developer tools that are already available in Homebrew Cask or an uninstaller tool (such as [AppCleaner](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask/blob/master/Casks/appcleaner.rb)).

Reviewer 2: The first sentence can be cut and the paragraph will retain the meaning.
